hey guys we're going to be checking out
a bit of chromecast mirroring on the
Nexus 5 today this got turned on
yesterday the 9th of July by Google it's
a much-anticipated feature and one I
personally really wanted to see right
now is in beta so expect a few technical
bugs and it's only available for a few
select devices you can check out the
list in the description now if your
device is running stock Android you can
use this feature natively by using the
built-in car screen section in the
settings other OEMs kin devices will
need the chromecast application so if
you already have your car screen option
enabled and your chromecast is on and
connected to the network it should
appear in your quick settings for easy
access if not head over to the settings
then go to display and you should see
the car screen option in there tap into
that be sure to turn the toggle on on
the top and you should see the
chromecast a simple tap on this will
start to mirror your screen so trying
this out will tap on the chromecast
option we'll give it a few seconds to
connect and yep there it is my entire
Android screen is mirroring to my
chromecast connected to my TV don't
forget as I mentioned earlier this is
still in beta so there are a few little
performance hiccups now and then which
I'm sure will be ironed out over time
but overall it's relatively smooth and
good quality as you can see there is a
little bit of lag but nothing too severe
performance and lag will depend on a few
things namely your Wi-Fi connection from
both the phone to the router and also
the chromecast to the router so make
sure you have a stable Wi-Fi connection
but yeah you go into pretty much any
application here mirror it you can
rotate your device to make it completely
fullscreen even videos work surprisingly
well I'm about to play a video here and
yes sound is also transferred I've got
my TV hooked up to an amplifier and it
works and sounds great I used to be
my question was coming from me I was
only the fool around me little discrim
lands and yes if you're wondering that
means even some applications that don't
officially support the chromecast now do
work for example Spotify
so yet you could probably hear a slight
few hiccups when I was rotating the
device to sound kind of skipped a little
bit but overall it played smoothly and
the sound quality was very good so just
checking out the general latency of the
cast obviously this isn't a concrete
test when you do more demanding actions
the latency may increase but yeah if we
go ahead and pause the video here we can
see that the chromecast is about 3/10 of
a second behind the phone which isn't
bad at all in terms of gaming they do
work but you'll find it hard to play
just by looking at the TV especially in
games like temple run where even a
slight lag can cause you to lose
generally I found the cast while gaming
to be relatively smooth most of the time
however at random points it seemed to
get heavily bogged down and caused
significant slowdown basically bringing
it to a slideshow like experience it
does eventually catch up with itself and
become relatively smooth again but I do
reiterate this is a beta doing general
things like full screening your Google
Plus even rotating it to be full screen
I found absolutely no problems with
again you still see little hiccups now
and then but in still images it really
doesn't matter it's only really
important in games and I'm sure Google
will iron out most of these problems but
yeah you can see here it looks great on
the big screen everything looks great
here and you can even access your camera
to show everyone what you're taking a
picture of or you can just use it to do
this freaky awesome Inception thing to
stop casting it's as simple as pulling
down your notification shade and hitting
the disconnect button and that's it the
chromecast will go back to its normal
home screen so I'm really happy they
implemented this I've wanted it for
quite a long time so yeah let me know
what you guys think peace out